Phytoplasmas are insect-vectored bacteria that cause disease in a wide range of plant species. The increasing availability of molecular DNA analyses, expertise and additional methods in recent years has led to a proliferation of discoveries of phytoplasma-plant host associations and in the numbers of taxonomic groupings for phytoplasmas.Johann Pachelbel's Canon in D major has been credited with inspiring a significant number of pop songs since the 1960s. After the mid-Baroque era piece was revived from obscurity in the 1960s, its chord progression, bassline, and melodic structure were reproduced in a number of contemporary pop songs, a phenomenon attributed to the memorability and simplicity of the work as well as renewed interest in it. While Pachelbel's Canon itself is not a staple of pop music, it shares common roots with other, more significant chord progressions that lay the foundations of modern pop music. Its perceived ubiquity is itself an object of cultural discussion. Disease management is further complicated by the fact that putative vectors have been identified for few phytoplasmas, especially in Australia. Despite rapid progress in recent years using molecular approaches, phytoplasmas remain the least well studied group of plant pathogens, making them a "crouching tiger" disease threat.
Background: (-)-alpha-Bisabolol, also known as levomenol, is an unsaturated sesquiterpene alcohol that has mainly been used in pharmaceutical and cosmetic products due to its anti-inflammatory and skin-soothing properties. (-)-alpha-Bisabolol is currently manufactured mainly by steam-distillation of the essential oils extracted from the Brazilian candeia tree that is under threat because its natural habitat is constantly shrinking. Therefore, microbial production of (-)-alpha-bisabolol plays a key role in the development of its sustainable production from renewable feedstock. Results: Here, we created an Escherichia coli strain producing (-)-alpha-bisabolol at high titer and developed an in situ extraction method of (-)-alpha-bisabolol, using natural vegetable oils. We expressed a recently identified (-)-alpha-bisabolol synthase isolated from German chamomile (Matricaria recutita) (titer: 3 mg/L), converted the acetyl-CoA to mevalonate, using the biosynthetic mevalonate pathway (12.8 mg/L), and overexpressed farnesyl diphosphate synthase to efficiently supply the (-)-alpha-bisabolol precursor farnesyl diphosphate. In each permutation, we are recording the row number of the first word appears in the title, i.e. the row with the first 1. In this permutation, Title 1's and Title 2's first unigram are both in row 1, so a 1 is recorded in row 1 of the signature matrix under Title 1 and 2. For Title 3, the first unigram is in row 5, so 5 is recorded in the first row of the signature matrix under Title 3's column.. Conclusions: The engineered E. coli strains and economically viable extraction process developed in this study will serve as promising platforms for further development of microbial production of (-)-alpha-bisabolol at large scale.
A universal feature of the replication of positive-strand RNA viruses is the association with intracellular membranes. Carnation Italian ringspot virus (CIRV) replication in plants occurs in vesicles derived from the mitochondrial outer membrane. The product encoded by CIRV ORF1, p36, is required for targeting the virus replication complex to the outer mitochondrial membrane both in plant and yeast cells. Here the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae was used as a model host to study the effect of CIRV p36 on cell survival and death. It was shown that p36 does not promote cell death, but decreases cell growth rate. In addition, p36 changed the nature of acetic acid-induced cell death in yeast by increasing the number of cells dying by necrosis with concomitant decrease of the number of cells dying by programmed cell death, as judged by measurements of phosphatidylserine externalization. The tight association of p36 to membranes was not affected by acetic acid treatment, thus confirming the peculiar and independent interaction of CIRV p36 with mitochondria in yeast. This work proved yeast as an invaluable model organism to study both the mitochondrial determinants of the type of cell death in response to stress and the molecular pathogenesis of (+)RNA viruses. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.